documentation/manuals/qmaintenanceguide.md, before:

#Q Maintenance guide

####Update:Mauricio Esguerra March 17, 2014*
######Original by: John Marelius, August 29, 2000*


This document describes how to maintain the Q programs at the Åqvist
group.  Recently the code, documentation, and some scripts have been
added to version control using github, these documents still need some
updating. 


##File locations

The current source code for Q and documentation has been pushed to a
github private organization located at https://github.com/qusers


| What                                 | Where                                        |
|:------------------------------------ |:---------------------------------------------| 
| source code, makefile, history files | qsource/src /  history/                      |
| manual                               | qsource/documentation/manual/qman5.pdf       |
| license agreement                    | qsource/documentation/license.pdf            |
| this document                        | qsource/documentation/qmaintenanceguide.docx |
| force field files                    | qsource/ff/                                  |
| scripts                              | scripts/                                     |
| tests                                | qsource/tests/                               |
| Q web site                           | pending                                      |


##Updating Q

You need to be a member of the owners team at the github repository. 

###Updating source code on the web server

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After modifying any of the master source files in g:\\src\\q4: Update the version number and last-modified-date of the file in question, e.g. md.f90, and in the main program, e.g. qdyn.f90. Run the script g:\\src\\tarQ4.csh to update the files on the web server.~~

###Updating force field files

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After modifying the master files in g:\\FF4, run the script g:\\FF4\\ff2web.csh to update the files on the web server (both separated files and compressed archive files).~~

###Updating the manual

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After making changes to the manual, update the PDF version on the web
server as follows: Log on to Gem (outside Erling’s office).
Open the manual (g:\\doc\\Qman4.doc)
Print it to the print driver called ‘Acrobat Distiller’. Check the options to see that Letter size paper is used (so that our US users can print without problem).
When the Adobe Acrobat window appears, save the PDF file as Qman4.pdf in the wwwroot\\Q directory on the web server.~~



##Building executables

This section describes how to transfer source code, compile and package
the executables.

###Windows

-   Not supported for now, we need a developer here.

###Linux - Generic(gfortran)


###Mac OSX (mavericks)


###Linux - CentOS 6.5 (triolith)



###Linux - CentOS 6.3 (csb)

To compile at csb follow these steps:
```bash
source /home/apps/intel/composer_xe_2013.5.192/bin/ifortvars.sh intel64
export OMPI_FC=ifort
git clone https://github.com/qusers/qsource.git
cd qsource/src
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make mpi
```

This will create the parallel executable qdyn5p

You should move it to the appropriate place where you have configured your environment variables to find the binary.

Then you could, in principle, run the test with the run_test_mpi.sh script at the tests folder.
You would only have to create a script for the slurm queue where you make sure to load the openmpi libraries with:
```bash
module load openmpi-x86_64
```

###Linux - Ubuntu 12.04 (abisko)
To compile at abisko follow these steps:
```bash
module load intel/13.1.2.183
export OMPI_FC=ifort
git clone https://github.com/qusers/qsource.git
cd qsource/src
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make all
module load impi/4.1.0.024
make mpi
```

###Linux - Scientific Linux 6.5 (tintin)

To compile at tintin follow these steps:
```bash
module load intel/14.0
export OMPI_FC=ifort
git clone https://github.com/qusers/qsource.git
cd qsource/src
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make all
```

##Updating the Q web site

The Q website page is now located at the url http://xray.bmc.uu.se/~aqwww/q, but 
plans are underway to migrate it to a new address and keep it under version control.


##The E-mail list

The home page of the list is at: https://groups.google.com/d/forum/qmoldyn.
To see the member list etc, log in to your google account, you should be
a group owner, go to the group web page and on the upper right side of
the page click on Manage. This will show you all the users at the group
(which is configured as a mailing list), and also a lot of configuration
information for the list.

To send a message to the list, address it to qmoldyn@googlegroups.com

Commit message:

Update to qmaintenanceguide.md with compilation instructions for tintin. Changed version to 5.06 in manual.

documentation/manuals/qmaintenanceguide.md, after:

#Q Maintenance guide

####Update:Mauricio Esguerra March 17, 2014*
######Original by: John Marelius, August 29, 2000*


This document describes how to maintain the Q programs at the Åqvist
group.  Recently the code, documentation, and some scripts have been
added to version control using github, these documents still need some
updating. 


##File locations

The current source code for Q and documentation has been pushed to a
github private organization located at https://github.com/qusers


| What                                 | Where                                        |
|:------------------------------------ |:---------------------------------------------| 
| source code, makefile, history files | qsource/src /  history/                      |
| manual                               | qsource/documentation/manual/qman5.pdf       |
| license agreement                    | qsource/documentation/license.pdf            |
| this document                        | qsource/documentation/qmaintenanceguide.docx |
| force field files                    | qsource/ff/                                  |
| scripts                              | scripts/                                     |
| tests                                | qsource/tests/                               |
| Q web site                           | pending                                      |


##Updating Q

You need to be a member of the owners team at the github repository. 

###Updating source code on the web server

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After modifying any of the master source files in g:\\src\\q4: Update the version number and last-modified-date of the file in question, e.g. md.f90, and in the main program, e.g. qdyn.f90. Run the script g:\\src\\tarQ4.csh to update the files on the web server.~~

###Updating force field files

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After modifying the master files in g:\\FF4, run the script g:\\FF4\\ff2web.csh to update the files on the web server (both separated files and compressed archive files).~~

###Updating the manual

NOTE CHANGE THIS TO GIT WAY

~~After making changes to the manual, update the PDF version on the web
server as follows: Log on to Gem (outside Erling’s office).
Open the manual (g:\\doc\\Qman4.doc)
Print it to the print driver called ‘Acrobat Distiller’. Check the options to see that Letter size paper is used (so that our US users can print without problem).
When the Adobe Acrobat window appears, save the PDF file as Qman4.pdf in the wwwroot\\Q directory on the web server.~~



##Building executables

This section describes how to transfer source code, compile and package
the executables.

###Windows

-   Not supported for now, we need a developer here.

###Linux - Generic(gfortran)


###Mac OSX (mavericks)


###Linux - CentOS 6.5 (triolith)



###Linux - CentOS 6.3 (csb)

To compile at csb follow these steps:
```bash
source /home/apps/intel/composer_xe_2013.5.192/bin/ifortvars.sh intel64
export OMPI_FC=ifort
git clone https://github.com/qusers/qsource.git
cd qsource/src
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make mpi
```

This will create the parallel executable qdyn5p

You should move it to the appropriate place where you have configured your environment variables to find the binary.

Then you could, in principle, run the test with the run_test_mpi.sh script at the tests folder.
You would only have to create a script for the slurm queue where you make sure to load the openmpi libraries with:
```bash
module load openmpi-x86_64
```

###Linux - Ubuntu 12.04 (abisko)
To compile at abisko follow these steps:
```bash
module load intel/13.1.2.183
export OMPI_FC=ifort
git clone https://github.com/qusers/qsource.git
cd qsource/src
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make all
module load impi/4.1.0.024
make mpi
```

###Linux - Scientific Linux 6.5 (tintin)

To compile at tintin follow these steps:
```bash

unset SSH_ASKPASS

###USE YOUR USERNAME INSTEAD OF esguerra
git clone https://esguerra@github.com/qusers/qsource.git 

###It will ask for your password and download it showing something like:
remote: Counting objects: 934, done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (449/449), done.
remote: Total 934 (delta 476), reused 934 (delta 476)
Receiving objects: 100% (934/934), 16.79 MiB | 3.59 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (476/476), done.

###If that works for you, hopefully, then go with:
cd qsource/src/
module load intel/14.0
export OMPI_FC=ifort
cp makefile.ifort makefile
cp qdyn.F90_ifort_signals qdyn.f90
make all

###And to compile the parallel version
module load intelmpi/4.1
make mpi
```

##Updating the Q web site

The Q website page is now located at the url http://xray.bmc.uu.se/~aqwww/q, but 
plans are underway to migrate it to a new address and keep it under version control.


##The E-mail list

The home page of the list is at: https://groups.google.com/d/forum/qmoldyn.
To see the member list etc, log in to your google account, you should be
a group owner, go to the group web page and on the upper right side of
the page click on Manage. This will show you all the users at the group
(which is configured as a mailing list), and also a lot of configuration
information for the list.

To send a message to the list, address it to qmoldyn@googlegroups.com
