tests/test5/README.md, before:

Ligand in a water 50Å cubic box
================================================================================

This test follows an initial equilibration/heating protocol performed 
in 5 steps and then a dynamics run split into 5 identical steps. A total of
600ps are simulated after equilibration.

The system is a simple ligand in a cubic water box of 50Å^3 and the
force-field used is the OPLSAA force field from Jorgensen's lab.

To run this test the scripts `run_test_mpi.sh` and `run_test_nompi.sh` are
provided, as well as a script to submit the process to a cluster where the
slurm resource manager is available (`test2slurm.sh`). The scripts need to be
modified in the first lines in order to specify the location of the qdyn
executable in you system and also the version of MPI you will use to run the
simulation in parallel (qdynp) if such is the case.

This test is set up to both use the new topology and separate scaling, with serial execution
standards generated according to run_test_serial_benchmark
This test uses the Berendsen thermostat and leap frog integration

Equilibration (Heating)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1
 - 100 steps / 0.1 fs ea. = 0.01ps
 - temp = 1
 - bath coupling 1
 - hydrogen shake off
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step2
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 50
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step3
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 150
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step4
 - 5000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 10ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step5
 - 25000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 50ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on



Short Production Run
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1 through Step5 (identical steps total 200ps)
 - 20000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 40ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on

### Step6
 - 200000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 400ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on

Benchmarks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


|  Machine     | Compiler    | Comp. time (min) | Sim. time (ns) | Num Proc. |    Date    |
|:-------------|:-----------:|:----------------:|:--------------:|:---------:|:----------:|
| csb          | ifort       | 79.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-05-22 |
| triolith     | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| csb          | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| triolith     | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |


TODO
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following to-do list highlights what needs to be done for expanding the benchmark into
something userful.

- [ ] Make a script that will send runs of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5ns runs to different cluster nodes
      at the same time.
- [ ] Make number of processors gradient script.
- [x] Make a markdown document describing the test.
- [ ] Make a general R script for plotting and making statistics with the benchmarks.

Commit message:

Bug fix for PBC constant volume algorithm when using MPI, will no longer crash with out of bounds access Also, fix for Qfep, will now display the actual residue numbers for group contribution calculations. Some readability change in exc.f90, no uses switch statement to decide what to calculate. Complains to paul.bauer@icm.uu.se

tests/test5/README.md, after:

Ligand in a water 50Å cubic box
================================================================================

This test follows an initial equilibration/heating protocol performed 
in 5 steps and then a dynamics run split into 5 identical steps. A total of
600ps are simulated after equilibration.

The system is a simple ligand in a cubic water box of 50Å^3 and the
force-field used is the OPLSAA force field from Jorgensen's lab.

To run this test the scripts `run_test_mpi.sh` and `run_test_nompi.sh` are
provided, as well as a script to submit the process to a cluster where the
slurm resource manager is available (`test2slurm.sh`). The scripts need to be
modified in the first lines in order to specify the location of the qdyn
executable in you system and also the version of MPI you will use to run the
simulation in parallel (qdynp) if such is the case.

This test is set up to both use the new topology and separate scaling, with serial execution
standards generated according to run_test_serial_benchmark
Also, standard NPT ensemble values are set to test volume change
This test uses the Berendsen thermostat and leap frog integration

Equilibration (Heating)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1
 - 100 steps / 0.1 fs ea. = 0.01ps
 - temp = 1
 - bath coupling 1
 - hydrogen shake off
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step2
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 50
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step3
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 150
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step4
 - 5000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 10ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step5
 - 25000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 50ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on



Short Production Run
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1 through Step5 (identical steps total 200ps)
 - 20000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 40ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on

### Step6
 - 200000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 400ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on

Benchmarks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


|  Machine     | Compiler    | Comp. time (min) | Sim. time (ns) | Num Proc. |    Date    |
|:-------------|:-----------:|:----------------:|:--------------:|:---------:|:----------:|
| csb          | ifort       | 79.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-05-22 |
| triolith     | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| csb          | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| triolith     | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |


TODO
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following to-do list highlights what needs to be done for expanding the benchmark into
something userful.

- [ ] Make a script that will send runs of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5ns runs to different cluster nodes
      at the same time.
- [ ] Make number of processors gradient script.
- [x] Make a markdown document describing the test.
- [ ] Make a general R script for plotting and making statistics with the benchmarks.
