tests/test1/README.md, before:

Ligand in a water sphere test.
================================================================================

This test follows an initial equilibration/heating protocol performed 
in 5 steps and then a dynamics run split into 5 identical steps. A total of
200ps are simulated after equilibration.

The system is a simple ligand in a water sphere and the
force-field used is the OPLSAA force field from Jorgensen's lab.

To run this test the scripts `run_test_mpi.sh` and `run_test_nompi.sh` are
provided, as well as a script to submit the process to a cluster where the
slurm resource manager is available (`test2slurm.sh`). The scripts need to be
modified in the first lines in order to specify the location of the qdyn
executable in you system and also the version of MPI you will use to run the
simulation in parallel (qdynp) if such is the case.


Equilibration (Heating)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1
 - 100 steps / 0.1 fs ea. = 0.01ps
 - temp = 1
 - bath coupling 1
 - hydrogen shake off
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step2
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 50
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step3
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 150
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step4
 - 5000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 10ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step5
 - 25000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 50ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on



Short Production Run
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1 through Step5 (identical steps total 200ps)
 - 20000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 40ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


Benchmarks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


|  Machine     | Compiler    | Comp. time (min) | Sim. time (ns) | Num Proc. |    Date    |
|:-------------|:-----------:|:----------------:|:--------------:|:---------:|:----------:|
| csb          | ifort       | 79.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-05-22 |
| triolith     | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| csb          | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| triolith     | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |


TODO
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following to-do list highlights what needs to be done for expanding the benchmark into
something userful.

- [ ] Make a script that will send runs of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5ns runs to different cluster nodes
      at the same time.
- [ ] Make number of processors gradient script.
- [x] Make a markdown document describing the test.
- [ ] Make a general R script for plotting and making statistics with the benchmarks.

Commit message:

Another major update. This commit contains now real support for the Nose-Hoover thermostat (activated using 'thermostat nose-hoover') and the implementation of the velocity-verlet integration scheme (activated using 'integrator velocity-verlet'), both written by Alex. The major merge was caused by back-merging the changes from the new group contributions into alex branch (again ...). There are also new tests for the thermostats and integrators, so you can compare them if this is needed.

tests/test1/README.md, after:

Ligand in a water sphere test.
================================================================================

This test follows an initial equilibration/heating protocol performed 
in 5 steps and then a dynamics run split into 5 identical steps. A total of
200ps are simulated after equilibration.

The system is a simple ligand in a water sphere and the
force-field used is the OPLSAA force field from Jorgensen's lab.

To run this test the scripts `run_test_mpi.sh` and `run_test_nompi.sh` are
provided, as well as a script to submit the process to a cluster where the
slurm resource manager is available (`test2slurm.sh`). The scripts need to be
modified in the first lines in order to specify the location of the qdyn
executable in you system and also the version of MPI you will use to run the
simulation in parallel (qdynp) if such is the case.

This tests the energy conservation after equilibration, by setting the temperature coupling >= steps

Equilibration (Heating)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1
 - 100 steps / 0.1 fs ea. = 0.01ps
 - temp = 1
 - bath coupling 1
 - hydrogen shake off
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step2
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 50
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step3
 - 1000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 2ps
 - temp = 150
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step4
 - 5000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 10ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 10
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on


### Step5
 - 25000 steps / 2.0 fs ea. = 50ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 100
 - hydrogen shake on
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = on



Short Production Run
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Step1 through Step5 (identical steps total 200ps)
 - 20000 steps / 0.5 fs ea. = 10ps
 - temp = 300
 - bath coupling 400000 (>t_total)
 - hydrogen shake off
 - Local Reaction Field as Taylor expansion = off
 - all cut offs = 99


Benchmarks
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


|  Machine     | Compiler    | Comp. time (min) | Sim. time (ns) | Num Proc. |    Date    |
|:-------------|:-----------:|:----------------:|:--------------:|:---------:|:----------:|
| csb          | ifort       | 79.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-05-22 |
| triolith     | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | ifort       | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| csb          | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| triolith     | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |
| tintin       | gcc         | 00.00            |      0.20      |   8       | 2014-XX-XX |


TODO
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following to-do list highlights what needs to be done for expanding the benchmark into
something userful.

- [ ] Make a script that will send runs of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5ns runs to different cluster nodes
      at the same time.
- [ ] Make number of processors gradient script.
- [x] Make a markdown document describing the test.
- [ ] Make a general R script for plotting and making statistics with the benchmarks.
